<frontmatter>
title: "iP progress dashboard"
</frontmatter>
<p/>

<h1 class="display-4">iP progress dashboard</h1>

<box>

* Details about iP grading are [here]({{ url_module_website }}/admin/ip-grading.html).
* Note that the progress shown here is just a rough guidance as it was generated by an automated script. ==A manual inspection will be done after the final submission== to confirm the script's findings.
* **If an increment you did does not appear as 'done' in the dashboard**, make sure you have pushed the corresponding tag to your fork and the tag matches the increment name exactly. You can even tag past commits if you forgot to tag those commits earlier or the tag you used differs from the expected tag. The increment will be marked as 'done' at the next script run (it runs once a day). Contact the teaching team ==only if the problem is not rectified even after the next update==.
* Meaning of colors/icons:
  * %%{{ icon_info }}%% : you can click on this icon to find more info
  * <span class="badge bg-success">ABC</span> : you have done the corresponding item.
  * <span class="badge bg-info">ABC</span> : you have done the corresponding item which is an optional item (well done!).
  * <span class="badge bg-danger">!~~ABC~~</span> : item overdue, not done yet.
  * <span class="badge bg-dark">!~~ABC~~</span> : item due soon, not done yet.
  * <span class="badge bg-secondary">!~~ABC~~</span> : optional item due soon, not done yet.
* If you have queries about the data shown in this page, please email `{{ module | lower }}@comp.nus.edu.sg`.
* This dashboard is **updated {{ "every 2-3 days" if tic4002 else "daily" }}**.
* **Troubleshooting:**

<panel type="seamless" header="Why is an increment related to a _tag_ not green?">

Try these steps, and wait till the next dashboard update to see if they turn green as expected.

1. Go to `https://github.com/YOUR_USER_NAME/ip/tags`. It should look like this:<br>
   <pic src="images/tag-list.png"/><br>
   Confirm the tag in question is listed there. If it is not listed, here are the possibilities:
   * You created the tag but never pushed it.<br>
     Remedy: You need to push the tags (pushing a branch doesn't automatically push tags in it).
   * You might have mixed up commit messages and tags, and used the tag name as a commit message instead).<br>
      Remedy: Create the tag
1. If the tag in question appears in the list, click on the commit hash shown just below it (e.g. <span class="badge badge-light text-secondary"> :octicon-commit: b6e91a0</span>). This brings you to a page containing commit details.
   * Confirm the commit is in the `master`branch. An example is shown below. Only tags in the `master` branch are detected by the dashboard.<br>
     <pic src="images/commit-details.png"/><br>
     Remedy: Wait till the branch that has the tag is merged to the `master` branch, push the `master` branch to the fork.
   * Ensure a warning message like the following doesn't appear at the top of the page.<br>
     <pic src="images/orphan-commit-warning.png"/><br>
     If it does, most likely you pushed the tag to the fork, but not the commit it belongs to.<br>
     Remedy: Push the commit to the fork, and confirm the warning does not appear anymore.

</panel>
<panel type="seamless" header="Why is an increment related to a _branch_ not green?">

1. Go to `https://github.com/YOUR_USER_NAME/ip/branches/active`. It should look like this:<br>
   <pic src="images/active-branches.png"/><br>
   Confirm the branch in question is listed there. If it is not listed, push the branch to the fork.
1. Note the numbers `n|m` shown for each branch. If the `m` is not zero, that means the branch is ahead of the `master` branch by that number of commits, and hence, not considered _fully_ merged (only merged branches are detected by the dashboard). Reasons:
   * You did not push the branch after merging it.<br>
     Remedy: After merging a branch to the `master` branch, you need to push _both_ branches to the fork.
   * You pushed commits to the branch after merging it to the `master` branch.<br>
     Remedy: Either delete those extra commits from the branch (both locally and in the fork) or merge the branch to the `master` branch again.
</panel>
</box>

<include src="{{ module | lower }}/ip-progress-table-fragment.md" />
